Update documentation to reflect modBusTTRegisters changes (#30616)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

              type: integer
            state_heat_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Heat mode."
              required: false
              type: integer
            state_cool_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Cool mode."
              required: false
              type: integer
            state_auto_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Auto mode."
              required: false
              type: integer
            state_dry_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Dry mode."
              required: false
              type: integer
            state_fan_only_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Fan only mode."
              required: false
              type: integer
            state_heat_cool_target_temp_register:
              description: "Target Temperature Register value corresponding to HVAC Heat/Cool mode."

>               required: false

Reviewer: This does not seem correct, the map is called "*values", the description of each entry talk about "Register value", but the entries are called "*register", so is it register value or register.

Author: I understand your point of view. They are registers. If you agree, I change the doc and, of course I change the belonging code renaming the map as hvac_mode_target_temp_registers.

Author: Updated with reference to the new PR

        word_byte:
          description: "Swap word ABCD -> DCBA, **not valid with data types: `int16`, `uint16`**"
    target_temp_register:

>       description: "Register address for target temperature (Setpoint). Using a list, it is possible to define one register for each of the available HVAC Modes. The list has to have a fixed size of 7 registers like the 7 available HVAC Modes, having the following relationship: Register **1: HVAC AUTO mode**; Register **2: HVAC Cool mode**; Register **3: HVAC Dry mode**; Register **4: HVAC Fan only mode**; Register **5: HVAC Heat mode**; Register **6: HVAC Heat Cool mode**; Register **7: HVAC OFF mode**. It is possible to set duplicated values for the modes where the devices has not a related register." 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Register address for target temperature (Setpoint). Using a list, it is possible to define one register for each of the available HVAC Modes. The list has to have a fixed size of 7 registers corresponding to the 7 available HVAC Modes, as follows: Register **1: HVAC AUTO mode**; Register **2: HVAC Cool mode**; Register **3: HVAC Dry mode**; Register **4: HVAC Fan only mode**; Register **5: HVAC Heat mode**; Register **6: HVAC Heat Cool mode**; Register **7: HVAC OFF mode**. It is possible to set duplicated values for the modes where the devices has not a related register." 
```

        word_byte:
          description: "Swap word ABCD -> DCBA, **not valid with data types: `int16`, `uint16`**"
    target_temp_register:

>       description: "Register address for target temperature (Setpoint). Using a list, multiple registers can be defined for each of the available HVAC Mode. The list has to have a fixed size of 7 registers like the 7 available HVAC Modes, having the following relationship: Register **1: HVAC AUTO mode**; Register **2: HVAC Cool mode**; Register **3: HVAC Dry mode**; Register **4: HVAC Fan only mode**; Register **5: HVAC Heat mode**; Register **6: HVAC Heat Cool mode**; Register **7: HVAC OFF mode**. It is possible to set duplicated values for the modes where the devices has not a related register." 

Reviewer: This does not sound correct....can you really define multiple registers for each HVAC mode ?

Which device needs multiple registers to set a single HVAC mode ?

Author: Ehm.. not really, I forgot to add "one" word. I'll do it. Thanks. 
It should be: `Using a list, multiple registers can be defined **one** for each of the available HVAC Mode`

Reviewer: Well the new text is not a lot more understandable.....you can define one register pr HVAC mode, no need to talk about multiple registers.
